I'm sorry, what were you asking me? Oh, yes, that stupid plastic container I asked you to buy. You see, hydrofluoric acid won't eat through plastic; it will however dissolve metal, rock, glass, ceramic. So there's that Alright, I've got the talking pillow now... Okay? We tried to poison you. We tried to poison you because you are an insane, degenerate piece of filth and you deserve to die. Alright, tell you what. Both of you pull it out your butts right now, or I go grab a flashlight and some pliers and go exploring. I do not believe fear to be an effective motivator. I want investment. For now, I'm simply interested in time frame When you have children, you always have family. They will always be your priority, your responsibility. And a man, a man provides. And he does it even when he's not appreciated or respected or even loved. He simply bears up and he does it. Because he's a man. Hey, tell your douchebag brother-in-law to head towards the light Did you know that there's an acceptable level of rat turds that can go into candy bars? It's the government, jack. Even government doesn't care that much about quality. You know what is okay to put in hot dogs? Huh? Pig lips and *beep* But I say, hey, have at it bitches 'cause I love hot dogs. The one that says if I can't kill you, you'll sure as *beep* wish you were dead. You won, Walter. You got the job. Do yourself a favor and learn to take yes for an answer. The thing is, if you just do stuff and nothing happens, what's it all mean? What's the point? Oh right, this whole thing is about self-acceptance. You are a time bomb, tick-tick-ticking. And I have no intention of being around for the boom. Don't drink and drive but if you do, call me. I am not in danger, Skyler. I AM the danger! A guy opens his door and gets shot and you think that of me? No. I am the one who knocks! If that’s true, if you don’t know who I am, then maybe your best course… would be to tread lightly. Someone has to protect this family from the man who protects this family. Smoking marijuana, eating cheetos, and masturbating do not constitute plans in my book. Stay out of my territory. Because I say so. I'm not in the meth business. I'm in the empire business. You all know exactly who I am. Say my name. I watched Jane die. I was there. And I watched her die. I did it for me. I liked it. I was good at it. And... I was really... I was alive. "Cap'n Cook?" That's not you? Like I said, no one is looking for you. Do you know how much I make a year? I mean, even if I told you, you wouldn't believe it. Jesus! Just grow some fucking balls! F*ck you! And your eyebrows! Send him to Belize? I'll send YOU to Belize. We're done when I say we're done. Sitting around, smoking marijuana, eating Cheetos and masturbating do not constitute "plans". I did it for me. I liked it. I was good at it. And I was really... I was alive. Bitch! So you do have a plan? Yeah, Mr. White! Yeah, science! I'm a criminal, yo. Yeah, bitch! Magnets! You're my free pass... bitch! Fire in the hole, bitch! Did you just bring a bomb into a hospital? Seriously? "Hello Kitty"? Speak into the mic, bitch. Better call Saul! You do seem to have a little “shit creek” action going… You know, FYI, you can buy a paddle. If I ever get anal polyps, I'll know what to name them. You two suck at peddling meth. Clearly, his taste in women is the same as his taste in lawyers. Congratulations, you’ve just left your family a second-hand Subaru. I’m not saying it’s not bad. It’s bad. But it could be worse. I hide in plain sight, same as you. May his death satisfy you. I will kill your wife, I will kill your son, I will kill your infant daughter. Everyone sounds like Meryl Streep with a gun to their head. You know how they say 'it's been a pleasure'? Well... it hasn't. Just because you shot Jesse James doesn't mean you are Jesse James. No more half-measures, Walter. Shut the f*ck up and let me die in peace. Keys, scumbag. It's the universal symbol for keys. I will put you under the jail. My name is ASAC Schrader, and you can go f*ck yourself. They're minerals, Marie! Jesus! Since when do vegans eat fried chicken? You're the smartest guy I ever met, and you're too stupid to see he made up his mind 10 minutes ago. All I can do is wait... for the cancer to come back. Put me on your magical boat, man, and sail me down your chocolaty river of meth! Buzz buzz buzz The Universe is Random. Not Inevitable. It's simple Chaos. Sometimes it just feels better not to talk. At All. About Anything. To Anyone. Name one thing in this world that is non negotiable. You are not the guy. You're not capable of being the guy. I had a guy but now I don't. You are not the guy. If you don’t know who I am, then maybe your best course would be to tread lightly. Walter Jr., you're my big man. There are going to be some things that you'll come to learn about me in the next few days. But just know that no matter how it may look, I only had you in my heart. Goodbye! What I came to realise is that fear, that's the worst of it. That's the real enemy. So, get up, get out in the real world and you kick that bastard as hard you can right in the teeth. You need to stop focusing on the darkness behind you. The past is the past. Nothing can change what we’ve done. This is my own private domicile and I will not be harassed... bitch! You don’t want a criminal lawyer. You want a criminal lawyer. So roll me further bitch!